This is your new *vault*.

Make a note of something, [[create a link]], or try [the Importer](https://help.obsidian.md/Plugins/Importer)!

When you are ready, delete this note and make the vault your own.

help me write an about me page - i need ideas. i care about value system, i follow greats, i read a lot, interested in physical activity - badminton, cycling and oflate hiking. i love music and have studied music theory, when life allows me some time i will study music and write more regularly. i travel rarely but when i do i am interested in the history, architecture, literature and philosophy influence of the place - i push my lazy ass to move but when i am out and about - i check out all things. i have a starter problem with anything in life - starting a schedule, starting a project, i often delay things. i have seen a lot of failures - got in medical schools, chose to study engineering for money/fees, studied to be a diplomat - didn't clear the exams - studied all subjects - from biology to economics, public administration. i can't get over my love for classic fiction although now i enjoy non-fiction more. i start classics and then realise how much time it'd take to savour them and leave. i have a high regard for trust - i trust few people and when i do, i do everything i can for them. i love automation and hence my interest in ai. i find a weird fun in automating my life and those of others around me and have hacked many projects. i also like math and statistics so my natural pull to ml started from college in 2011 with pattern recognition course which i had topped. i just naturally like understanding and applying things i learn. i am INTJ at work - do what you want with that info. i study philosophy. i am a constant learner. i come from sri ganganagar in rajasthan - my grandma studied only till 5th grade but had read classics in english that i read. my parents are teachers - and i don't hae thier patience nor discipline as much as i desire. however, i got their value system and desire to be learning. my grandma knows about ai and if i ever get a chance, she might sit along and start programming. help me write a good not boring writeup?